Esta es una producción de Choco Inglés
Escucha esta producción varias veces hasta que la entiendas bien
Recuerda que la meta es que puedas comprender la historia sin ver la lectura.
Christopher's Return Chapter 1 An Ordinary day
Edith, a single mother, looked at her four children
before heading to work.
She knew she had to leave everything in order.
Christopher, you are responsible for your brothers
and sister today.
She said firmly.
Serve them lunch and don't let anyone leave the house.
Christopher, the eldest, nodded.
He was always careful, but that day something
unexpected was going to happen.
Edith looked at him again.
Are you going to follow my instructions?
She asked.
Yes, mom, I will.
Christopher replied, though deep down he loved
the idea of being free for the day, he liked
to play outside with his friends.
Why would he not?
They always had fun.
Chapter 2 Temptation Knocks After Edith left,
the temptation came quickly.
Christophers older friends, all between 15 and
20 years old, arrived at the house.
What are you doing here?
Christopher asked, confused.
We are going to the beach, you should come with
us, one of them said, smiling mischievously.
Christopher hesitated.
He knew his mother had told him to stay, but
his friends kept pushing.
Come on, you like to swim, Another friend added.
Christopher liked to take risks, but was it worth
disobeying his mother?
What do you think you're doing?
Samuel, his nine year old brother asked.
Mom told you to stay, she won't find out, Christopher
said.
I just have to go for a little while.
What could go wrong?
Without further thought, he decided to go, asking
his siblings to stay inside and behave.
I'll be back soon, he told them.
Chapter 3 Trouble in the water at the beach,
The boys immediately jumped into the water.
When did you last swim like this?
One of the friends asked, teasing.
I love to swim.
Christopher said confidently.
He felt strong as he began crossing the river,
but halfway through, his legs started to cramp.
Suddenly, Christopher felt a sharp pain in his
legs.
He couldn't move them.
He tried to call for help, Help me, I can't swim
anymore.
But his friends laughed.
He's joking, one of them said.
He always plays pranks like this.
But this time he wasn't playing.
As he struggled to keep his head above water,
he realized they weren't coming back for him.
Christopher's heart sank.
How could they leave me here?
The friends reached the shore, exhausted.
Did you see him stop?
One asked.
I thought he was faking, but fear took over them
quickly.
They didn't go back to help him.
Instead, they panicked and ran home, deciding
not to speak about what had happened.
Chapter 4 The Disappearance Meanwhile, Edith
returned home at 3:00 PM.
She was angry when she found only Samuel, Daniel,
and Sophia at home.
Where is your brother?
She asked.
He went to the beach with his friends.
Samuel replied quietly.
Edith felt a wave of panic.
He isn't supposed to leave the house, she said,
pacing back and forth.
Why did he go?
Worried, she sent Samuel and Daniel to look for
him, but they returned empty handed.
As hours passed, Edith's worry turned to fear.
Where could he be?
By 6:30 PM, Christopher still hadn't come home.
Edith started knocking on the doors of all his friends.
Did you see Christopher today?
She asked his friend's parents, but they all
denied knowing anything.
He wasn't with us today, they said.
But Edith knew they were lying.
Finally, a neighbor spoke up.
I saw him leave with a group of boys.
They were heading to the beach.
The neighbors words hit Edith like a punch.
She had to find her son.
Chapter 5 The Desperate search.
At 11:45 PM, Edith and some of the boys parents
went to the beach.
The only thing they found was the sound of the river
rushing by, but no sign of Christopher.
Where could he be?
She asked out loud, her voice trembling.
Days passed and there was still no sign of him.
Edith felt as if she was losing her mind.
Why didn't he listen to me?
She asked herself over and over again.
Did something terrible happen?
Chapter 6 The Unexpected Miracle Three days later,
a miracle occurred.
Edith received news from a group of Indigenous people who
had found a boy lost in the jungle.
He didn't remember anything.
It's your son, one of them said.
Christopher was weak, but alive.
He couldn't explain how he had survived, but
the indigenous people had cared for him, giving
him food and shelter.
They brought him back to her.
When Edith saw him, she hugged him tightly.
He promised her he would never do something like that
again.
I am sorry, he said, his eyes full of regret.
I won't leave again without telling you.
Chapter 7 The Lesson Learned From that day on,
Christopher became more responsible.
He understood the danger of making reckless decisions and
how much his family cared for him.
His siblings were just happy to have him back.
Now, when Christopher looked out at the beach,
he didn't just see fun and games, he saw a reminder
of the lesson he had learned the hard way.